hi michael here today i'll show you an
action-adventure sci-fi film called
jupiter ascending
spoiler alert you'll understand the
important plot points
the movie begins with jupiter talking
about her parents
her father was maximilian he met and
fell in love with a woman named alexa
while in russia
they observed the stars together through
his telescope later on
the two are expecting their child which
maximilian intends to name jupiter
alexa doesn't like the name the robbers
break into the couple's home
and maximilian gets shot he passes away
in alexa's arms
alexa gives birth to jupiter later while
she and her family are on their journey
to america
in the present jupiter works as a
janitor living in chicago with her
roommate catherine
jupiter hates her job in life yet she is
not very ambitious or eager to do
anything else about it
three intergalactic bounty hunters falk
razzo
and ibis are exploring jupiter's
apartment when they spot a man named
kane near the area
they notice that he is after jupiter as
well and they go after him
when kane realizes he is being followed
he emerges from the building with his
hover boots
protecting himself with his shield and
firing back at the bounty hunters as
they attack him
he flees the scene unharmed jupiter has
dinner with her family and requests
money from her uncle vasily
he refuses to give her money and makes a
snide remark about jupiter being too
educated for her
own good which she claims is why she
can't find a spouse
despite the fact that the rest of the
family appears to agree with vasily
alexa defends her daughter passionately
jupiter later looks at a telescope on
ebay
her cousin vladi walks in and suggests
that she go to the fertility clinic and
donate her eggs for some money
jupiter agrees in space
the abersack siblings learn of jupiter's
existence
their mother has died and they are now
attempting to claim the earth as their
own
balm awakens from a slumber after going
through a successful planetary harvest
his brother titus is cavorting with
other women in his lavish castle
while his aid fabulous informs him that
kane who has been sent by titus has
found jupiter
khaliq abrasax also has concerns over
the inheritance of the earth
at the apartment catherine is getting
ready to go out
keepers a gang of alien entities emerge
in catherine's apartment and
incapacitate her
they lunge at jupiter as she takes a
picture of them with her phone
catherine awakens up a few moments later
and neither she nor jupiter seem to
understand what just happened
jupiter visits the clinic under
catherine's name which balum is informed
of
he orders his troops to track out
jupiter and assassinate her
the doctors put her on the bed and then
levitate her they probe her and know
jupiter's identity
and they attempt to kill her kane bursts
in and kills the doctors as they reveal
their keeper form
he gets jupiter out of there jupiter
finds herself atop the willis tower
kane explains to her that he is a
genetically engineered being made up of
a splice between a human and a wolf
jupiter asks why she was almost just
killed and kane tells her that she is
the rightful owner of the planet
he claims that human life began not on
earth but on another planet called uru
jupiter also has no memory of the
keepers finding her and her taking a
picture of them
which kane explains as them erasing her
memory they are beamed up by a spaceship
hovering over them
when the bounty hunters show up and
destroy the ship kane carries jupiter as
they fly over the city with his hover
boots as the bounty hunters chase after
them
jupiter falls in the attack but kane
catches her before she hits the ground
kane hijacks a small ship and escapes
with jupiter
kane and jupiter drive away from the
city where kane continues to explain the
abersax family history
they have been splicing humans with
other animals for ages and are
responsible for events such as the
extinction of the dinosaurs
the two drive up to the home of kane's
former comrade stinger
who is spliced with a bee stinger lives
with his sick daughter
he and kane were once skyjackers but
were let go following an incident and
now stinger resents kane
the two fight for a bit when a swarm of
bees appears
the bee surround jupiter but they never
sting her she moves her arms around them
and they fly around her stinger realizes
who she is
and starts to refer to jupiter as your
majesty
kane tries to contact space cops the
aegis to help them
the bounty hunters and a few keepers
come up across stinger's home
they chase after kane and jupiter
through the field outside his home
fall corners jupiter and nearly kills
her but razo shoots him in the back and
kills him first
they capture jupiter and ascend on their
ship kane manages to latch onto the ship
as it leaves earth
razzo and ibis bring jupiter to the home
of colleek
she is friendly toward jupiter and tells
her that she is something of a genetic
incarnation of colleek's mother
she shows jupiter a statue of her mother
that looks exactly like jupiter
colleek says she is 14 000 years old and
her mother was 90 000 when she was
murdered
colleek walks into a bath and sheds her
older image to a more youthful
appearance
stinger then shows up with the aegis led
by commander diamica
they order khaliq to hand jupiter over
to them
in order for jupiter to properly stake
her claim on earth she is forced to go
to a room and go through a process for
registration
she goes through several windows with an
android lawyer until she is printed with
a tattoo on her wrist and officially
allowed to claim ownership of earth
in the meantime jupiter attempts to sort
of flirt with kane
he thinks he isn't good for her and
compares himself to a dog
even though jupiter claims to love dogs
titus and his people take in jupiter and
apprehend kane
as stinger hands them over to him in
exchange for currency to help his ailing
daughter
titus and jupiter have dinner together
he deduces that jupiter has fallen in
love with kane
yet he still proposes to her afterwards
he shows jupiter a room filled with
thousands of vials that contain youth
serums made from harvesting hundreds of
dead humans
jupiter is horrified by this realization
kane is imprisoned and placed in a
chamber by titus and his people
he plans to kill jupiter after marrying
her so that he can get his claim to
earth
kane is expelled into space with his
hands cuffed behind him
he uses his hover boots to burn the
cuffs off and grab a floating pack that
contains a spacesuit that automatically
forms itself around kane's body
and saves him from suffocation he only
has 40 minutes of oxygen
but the aegis emerged from hyperspace
and rescue
the waiting is about to take place titus
has his ring printed on his finger
during the ceremony
jupiter nearly has hers printed on when
cain comes crashing in on a ship into
the cathedral
he comes up to the platform where
jupiter and titus are and tells jupiter
that titus plans to kill her
they hold titus at gunpoint but jupiter
only wants to go home
meanwhile fallon is told that jupiter is
still alive
his lizard rat hybrid henchman sargon is
sent to earth with his team of lizard
rat men
to break into the home of jupiter's
family and capture them
jupiter goes home and realizes this
forcing her to return to space and save
her family
jupiter arrives at a mining facility on
the planet where balum resides
the aegis are close behind her but are
unable to enter because the planet is
protected by a shield
jupiter is brought before balum who
shows her the family and the floor
beneath them as they are floating and
sleeping in stasis
while the henchmen get ready to splice
into them using a special contract
balum orders jupiter to sign over her
rights to rule over earth if she wants
her family to live
realizing that either way she and her
family would die since balum would
harvest them on earth
she refuses and smashes the contract
king with the help of stinger breaches
the planet's shield
commander dyamica tells him his mission
could get him killed but she adds that
he is tremendously courageous
kane breaks into balum's facility and
kills the lizard rat people to save
jupiter's family
he pulls jupiter out with a device that
opens a hole beneath her to get her away
from balum
outside the facility starts to
destabilize and collapse
kane fights sargon while balum tries to
kill jupiter himself
kane killed sargon by pushing him into
the hole he made and removing the device
to close the hole around sargon's neck
crushing it jupiter's family is escorted
to safety while jupiter fights back
against balum
balum believes jupiter is his mother
reincarnated and he admits that he
murdered his mother
claiming that she told him she hated her
life and wanted him to kill her
jupiter shoots balaam once in the leg
and whacks him across the face with a
bar
the platform beneath him breaks slightly
balum is unable to hold on and he
plummets to his death
jupiter falls but is rescued by kane
with the help of the aegis
everyone is able to escape the crumbling
facility and get out safely
jupiter and her family are returned to
their home their memories of their
capture and interactions with the nasty
lizard rat people obliterated
jupiter is still working and has
prepared breakfast and coffee for her
family
they take her by surprise by bringing
out the telescope she requested
she then informs her family that she is
going out on a date
they all interrogate her asking things
like is he russian
jupiter joins kane on the roof of
another building he has his wings
restored to his back after his heroic
deeds
and she has her own pair of hover boots
jupiter resolves not to tell her family
that she basically owns earth
this is michael movie recap channel see
you in the next video
bye